From intreduction...........................................................................
The story is about three men.
~Rick Blaine is an American club owner. He has had a love affair
with Ilsa, and he has just shot a German officer to help her on
her way. 
~Sam Waters is an American pianist who works for Rick.
~Captain Louis Renault is chief of the French police in
Casablanca.
This book also tells the story of Ricks past. In New York in
the 1930s, he lived in a violent world of guns and gangsters, and
there he met Lois, the first love of his life.
Chapter 1
December night in 1941, Casablanca airport was
dark and full of recent memories. Louis was tall, thin and hard-faced American.
 Rick had shot the German officer, Major Strasser, to make sure that Victor and Ilsa
boarded the airplane to Portugal. Louis cannot imagine why Rick decided to help them, but  Rick had loved just two women in his life and Ilsa was one of them.
Their path led them deeper into the darkness and  suddenly they noticed the shape of a large car parked at the far end of the airport. As they got closer to it, they could see Sam․
Sam was loyal, the best black pianist and singer in Casablanca, an excellent fisherman, a wonderful cook, and not a bad driver. But he didn't
offer him the bottle. He put it away and took out a cigarette. 
Sam gave Ilsa's letter to Rick, where was wrtitten that she found two men to love her. And asked Rick to came Lisabon to meet her and Victor.
After that a car started chasing them. Sam was able to seduce them with his driving skills, but still Rick saw the German face in the car seat. On the way to the airport Louis thought about himself. He had always enjoyed the:
gambling, the women, and the money. Rick could not get Ilsa out of his mind. He thought about Lois, too. Lois had been his first love. They had arrived at Lyautey.

Chapter 2
Rick had first met Lois ten years earlier, on a summer day in New York, in 1931. Rick lived alone and had a number of jobs. Most of them were not quite legal and didn't pay well. So he dreamed of running his own club. . Everything about nightlife was attractive to him.  he traveled across the city every week to get his mother something special to eat on the weekend. Opposite him on the train was a very pretty young woman.  Rick was looking at her, she fainted and fell to the floor. He jumped up to help her. Rick forgot his stop and thay stared to talk. She suggested the job of her father to him. Her father was Solly Horowitz. He was one of the most successful gangsters in all of New York. They arrived at the Horowitz apartment. Solly didn't look like a rich man. He suggested Rick to work at nightclub.
Six months later, Rick had become one of Solly's most trusted advisers. Only Tick-Tock, a cousin of Solly, disliked his new position. Rick couldn't believe that he was going to be the boss of the Tootsie-Wootsie Club!

Chapter 3
This chapter about Ilsa and Victor, how they plan strategy. They leave to Lindon and Ilsa wrote a letter to Rick that they fly to London not to New York. She knew she loved Rick, but her place had to be beside her husband.  Ilsa suggested Vicktor to help him. When they arrived in London there, two men spoke to Victor, but too softly for Ilsa to hear. And she told him that she wanted to say something. And then Victor intredused Ilsa to the men. Shet said she wanted to take part in their activitie. When the meeting finished, Ilsa sat and thought about her past. She thought about them, Rick and Victor. Was it possible to love two men at the same time?  Tears came to her eyes. She wondered if Rick was in London. 

Chapter 4
Rick realized that they had to change plans. He didn't fully understand the letter from Ilsa, but he knew that they had to go to London, and not to New York. He arrived in London with Louis and Sam. After a month, they still hadn't found Victor or Ilsa. They was still trying to find adress of Victor and Ilsa, and they desided to go to the library. Someone said that Der Henker means 'executioner' in German. The name's used for Reinhard Heydrich, Hitler's top man in Prague. Heydrich was doing a lot of Hitler's dirty work for him in Eastern Europe. The photographs showed that he was tall, with a thin face and clear, cold eyes. His uniform was perfect, and his shoes were beautifully polished. Rick hated him already. When Sam and Rick returned to the hotel, someone had searched their room, and their passports were missing. Louis thinked that this had done Victor, because he was only interested in the fight against the Germans. And Louis was suspicious. Rick said that he found the adress and they could find Victor and Ilsa. And finally they found them. Victor said that they must be sure if they can trust Rick and Louis after that share their plans. They disided that Ilsa with the other name must  to get close to him, and they didn't want him to be suspicious. They  needed a spy in the castle. Early the next morning, Tamara Toumanova left for Prague. 


Chapter 6  Ready for Prague
Rick and Louis talk about the bomb that may goes off and
if it kills Heydrich, the results will be terrible for everybody.
They are sitting in Brown's Hotel. 
Rick and Louis talk about why they do this. It turns out that they both 
do some mistakes in the past and now this is their opportunity.

When they arrived at the house in South Kensington, Major
Miles and Victor were there, and the two men from the Czech Resistance group.
They talk about the idea that is the best and about Heydrich route that he do the same things 
in the same time every day and about their's plans, what they will do.

Rick interrupted. "What'll happen if there's a problem? We
need a plan.
 "If Heydrich is one second more than five minutes late, you mustn't wait.
 Leave the bridge immediately. If there's a problem before the big day, 
Miss Lund will contact you. Any other questions?"
Nobody spoke.
"Then we'll wait for Miss Lund to tell us when to leave for
Czechoslovakia. Good luck!"They all shook hands.

Sam was organizing Rick's clothes and packing
his bag and Rick and Sam talk about why actually Rick do this.
 Rick said "I hope we meet again after all this is over.
"Don't talk like that. You've been in danger before.
"I know, Sam, but in Spain and Africa I didn't care. Things are
different now.
"Because of Miss Ilsa?"
"Mrs. Laszlo, you mean, Sam.
"Miss Ilsa, Rick. She's the reason, isn't she? Don't go, Rick.
This isn't your fight.
"She's different. I'm going. She's given me something to live
for again. That's why I'm scared.

Chapter 7
Ilsa often thought about Rick and her last night in London with 
him. Now, as Miss Toumanova, she had worked in the castle in 
Prague for two months. She was working in Heydrich's office:
with a few other chosen people. There had been no: contact with Victor,
but she hoped her messages to London were arriving. 
She saw Heydrich every day, and she hated him. She saw his 
proud face and horrible smile. Everyone in the office was afraid of him. Everybody arrived 
early at work, by 7:30, because he always arrived at 8:00. He almost never ate alone, 
and he never slept alone. His wife was in Germany. 
Ilsa was starting to work on one of the reports when she heard a voice behind her. 
"Fräulein Toumanova." It was Heydrich. He had never spoken 
to her before. He congratulate her for doing her work excellent
"Thank you, Herr Heydrich." 
His hand grasped her shoulder more tightly. It felt like ice. He suggest her to 
play the piano with him that day but she told him that she needed time to
get a message back to London. Tonight is not possible ... and she cannot play with a famous 
person like him without some practice." He said "I understand. The day after tomorrow, then." 
Ilsa spoke loudly so that the others in the office could hear. 
"Yes, I will have all your reports ready the day after tomorrow, 
Herr Heydrich."  Heydrich enjoyed her reply. They had a little secret together.
The first message was that Victor and the others were on their 
way. Ilsa didn't understand why they want to stop the operation.
Heydrich came for Ilsa in his Mercedes two days later.
He was tall and handsome in his uniform. His shoes were 
perfectly polished, and he reminded her of someone .. . No! Yes, 
Victor! But Victor was a good man, and Heydrich was an animal. 
She allowed him to take her arm. 
They got into the car. 
They drink a glass of champagne. And then 
 she noticed that they were outside Prague. "Are we 
going to a country restaurant?" "No, we're going to my house. The food is excellent. And 
don't worry. We'll be alone. My wife is away." 
"This route is interesting." We will play some music. I think you will like my piano." He 
took his violin. "Beethoven, Tamara?" 
"Yes. With pleasure." 
He played well. For twenty minutes, Ilsa forgot where she was 
and who she was with. 
"Excellent!" said Heydrich. "I have dreamed of playing with 
someone like you ..." He looked at her with his ice blue eyes. 
"Shall we have dinner?" 
The food was wonderful. Ilsa noticed that he filled her wineglass too often, and her head began to swim. 
This was dangerous so she had to stop drinking. He took her outside into a starry, moonlit night and put his arms 
around her. He kissed her gently and said "I hope you will like 
your rooms. Good night, Fräulein Toumanova." 
Ilsa went to bed, alone. 
